(bright music)
- [Instructor] And now it's time for me
to show you my solution to this challenge exercise.
Now I'm going to walk you through the actual uploading steps
that I took when I actually tested this program
so that you can match it to what you did.
So you'll see at this point,
I have deleted the Python module that I created
and I just have that original demo version.
And that's on purpose,
again, I want to show you what goes on
and you cannot actually create a module again
that's already been created.
Okay, so here's how I implemented my Python function.
I imported json and random.
I created the actual handler.
I set the count equal to the event count.
I said, heads = 0 and then tails = 0.
And then I went through a range function
just another for loop within Python.
And I created a random integer with 0,1 as my seed values.
And then I flipped.
So if I flipped it and got a 0, I considered that heads.
I went ahead and printed that out.
I incremented my heads count at that point.
If I got 1, I consider that tails,
incremented the tails count after printing it out.
And then at the end, I set a dictionary equal to my results
which had count, which was the original count,
heads and tails,
and then I output that as a return statement.
So let's jump into the console here,
so I can show you how to upload this
and then test this through the CLI.
So the first thing
that I'm going to do is I'm going to create a zip called chal.zip,
and I'm going to put into it,
my Python challenge actual file.
So now that my zip is created,
and this is all predicated on two key aspects.
First of all, that my AWS Config is set.
And second, that I have created a role in my account,
according to the instructions from AWS.
All right.
So now I'm going to do an AWS command using the CLI,
lambda create-function --function-name cointoss --zip-file
will be fileb://chal.zip, its what I named my zip file.
Now the handler is going to be python_chal.lambda_handler.
And this comes from the name on my file,
and then the lambda_handler itself.
Now I'm going to set my runtime to python3.8
and the role is going to be the role that I created.
Now, that role that I created is based on
that example documentation that I gave you.
So I need to put in the ARN for that role.
Now there's a couple of ways you can get this ARN.
One is to jump into the console and go IAM,
go to Roles, select the Role
and you can copy the Role ARN here.
Or, it follows a pattern
and that pattern embeds your account number.
So now that I've captured that, let's paste that here
and I need to pass a profile
because I actually run multiple AWS accounts
off this machine,
and I have a profile set up specifically for this course.
And now we get the output,
and this output tells us all about the ARN of our function
and some details about it.
Now, one of the cool things about the AWS CLI is
we actually can test this right here.
So let's go ahead and do that,
aws lambda invoke, and again,
I'm going to set my profile equal to LinkedIn Learning
or lil is how I've called it.
Pass it the function name,
which in this case is cointoss,
and now let's send it a payload.
We'll do a single tick, curly brace, double quote,
count, 10, curly brace, single tick.
Now I'm using the version two of the CLI.
So I need to pass in cli-binary-format raw-in-base64-out.
If you're not using CLI two, you don't need to do that.
And I'm going to pass it a file to put my output into.
So you see, I got a StatusCode of 200
and if I cat that file out,
you'll see that I get the json body itself.
And in this case I flipped it 10 times
and I got exactly 5 heads and 5 tails.
If I run that same element again,
and then look at the output,
this time I got 6 heads and 4 tails.
Now the final thing I want to show you is
back into the console, let's go back to Lambda.
There's my function defined.
You'll see that it's deployed.
I can pull the code up in here because it's Python.
It doesn't work for every language,
but Python as we've seen,
does have the ability to use the code editor in Line.
And I can test it right here.
Much the same way that I did from the console.
So again, it's really your choice
on how to test these things.
I find that I work better in the console.
So I use that functionality more often than not,
but again, your mileage may vary,
use what makes sense to you.
Go ahead and create a body and now test it.
And this time I got 7 heads and 8 tails.
So relatively simple program, but it does give you a feel
for the way you would do this
in a little bit more professional manner
by creating the code on your machine itself,
uploading it to AWS and then executing it there.
Now in the real world, I don't use zip files for this.
I actually build container images, store them in ECR
and then pull them out of there,
but that's outside the scope of this course.
What's really important here is
that we can package it in zip, upload it and move forward.